there are only six days until Christmas
and only three days until Hanukkah
dreidel dreidel diesel oh oh no I think
I recognize that voice what is is that
please I hope that's not what I think it
is
[Applause]
[Music]
what did I tell you about this Gary I'm
not Gary I'm behind a corner called
Annika unicorn who spreads Hanukkah joy
to all the Jewish girls and boys I'm
sorry everybody this is one of our
riders Gary every year he dripped barges
in here dresses is ridiculous character
persecute me you're the one persecuting
me how many years you've disrupted the
show like six years in a row no it's a
miracle a comedy premise that was only
supposed to last one year and I know you
want this very badly but it's the
Johanna corn it's not catching on no one
believes Oh pish Magee Jimmy everybody
believes do you guys believe
then be sure to watch the Hallmark
Channel on December 22nd at 3 a.m.
that's when my Hanukkah movie premieres
admittedly not the timeslot
hold on hallmark gave you a Chanukah
movie absolutely
I wrote directed and started it we
happen to have the trailer we're all the
tape
in Hanukkah town if you don't watch your
step you may fall in love Shalom another
corn Veronica I'm in town for the
Hanukkah parade and all the hotels are
booked up because sometimes new flames
can reignite old feelings just a little
thank you for you letting me stay here
[Music]
haunting memories rise to the surface
what's wrong my wife haba she died in
Amador of fire
I'll never celebrate Hanukkah again
Whitsitt green tonic one if you don't
bring toys to children don't get bubkis
I'll have to cancel Hanukkah all eight
nights I've got just something the
winter spirits
miracles can happen when you least
expect that you've restored my sense of
wonder from the producers of SH Miracle
on 34th Street Rubin the red nosed rabbi
lux actually and no Virginia there isn't
a Santa Claus hey we're under the motto
The Jerusalem Post raves Rachel Bilson
and bhajana corn star in its Hanukkah
Veronica
[Applause]
during the trailer i want to chose the
People's Choice Award all right
congratulations here hold this I gotta
give us man all right thank you I'd like
to thank Moses thanks buddy God to my
bubbie and Zayde II Mel Brooks
Yasha most knishes dirty green grass the
sturgeon
[Applause]
oh no okay we are gonna get sued put his
head back on Guillermo
that was the Hana chord everybody Wow
hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season in a fun way by my new
book the serious goose
I wrote it and through it all of my MA
goes to children's hospitals across the
country or watch another gaming video
and don't help kids it's up to you